Arize-Phoenix LlamaPack (#2)
logan-markewich/llama-hub: llama_hub/llama_packs/arize_phoenix_query_engine/README.md

<center>
    <p style="text-align:center">
        <img alt="phoenix logo" src="https://storage.googleapis.com/arize-assets/phoenix/assets/phoenix-logo-light.svg" width="200"/>
        <br>
        <a href="https://docs.arize.com/phoenix/">Docs</a>
        |
        <a href="https://github.com/Arize-ai/phoenix">GitHub</a>
        |
        <a href="https://join.slack.com/t/arize-ai/shared_invite/zt-1px8dcmlf-fmThhDFD_V_48oU7ALan4Q">Community</a>
    </p>
</center>
<h1 align="center">Arize-Phoenix LlamaPack</h1>

> This LlamaPack instruments your LlamaIndex application for LLM application tracing with [Phoenix](https://github.com/Arize-ai/phoenix), an open-source LLM observability product from [Arize AI](https://arize.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This LlamaPack instruments your LlamaIndex app for LLM tracing with [Phoenix](https://github.com/Arize-ai/phoenix), an open-source LLM observability library from [Arize AI](https://phoenix.arize.com/).
```

Author: addressed in [9911a6b](https://github.com/logan-markewich/llama-hub/pull/2/commits/9911a6ba9c8b1a261a07a2e3a86cd30aa00d259e)

## Install and Import Dependencies

Install dependencies.

```python
!pip install "arize-phoenix[llama-index]" llama-hub html2text
```

Import libraries.

> 

Reviewer: largely not needed text

Author: addressed in [9911a6b](https://github.com/logan-markewich/llama-hub/pull/2/commits/9911a6ba9c8b1a261a07a2e3a86cd30aa00d259e)

```python
import getpass
import os

from llama_hub.llama_packs.arize_phoenix_query_engine import ArizePhoenixQueryEnginePack
from llama_index.node_parser import SentenceSplitter
from llama_index.readers import SimpleWebPageReader
from tqdm.auto import tqdm
```

This LlamaPack builds an index over a list of input nodes using the OpenAI API. Configure your OpenAI API key.

```python
if not (openai_api_key := os.getenv("OPENAI_API_KEY")):
    openai_api_key = getpass("🔑 Enter your OpenAI API key: ")
os.environ["OPENAI_API_KEY"] = openai_api_key

> ```

Reviewer: this assumes a notebook - I'd probably just nix it or have 1 line. Want to get to the interesting stuff quicker.

Author: addressed in [9911a6b](https://github.com/logan-markewich/llama-hub/pull/2/commits/9911a6ba9c8b1a261a07a2e3a86cd30aa00d259e)

Author: Converted to one line. I want to keep for ease of maintaining both the notebook and the README. The notebook is currently the source of truth and the README is just the result of calling `nbconvert --to markdown`.

Parse your documents into a list of nodes. In this example, use nodes from a Paul Graham essay as input.

```python
documents = SimpleWebPageReader().load_data(
    [
        "http://raw.githubusercontent.com/jerryjliu/llama_index/main/examples/paul_graham_essay/data/paul_graham_essay.txt"
    ]

> )

Reviewer: might point this to a commit just so it never goes stale? NBD

Author: addressed in [9911a6b](https://github.com/logan-markewich/llama-hub/pull/2/commits/9911a6ba9c8b1a261a07a2e3a86cd30aa00d259e)

parser = SentenceSplitter()
nodes = parser.get_nodes_from_documents(documents)
```

Define your LlamaPack.

> 

Reviewer: self evident in the code. I'd remove. Also best to combine the code blocks so it's copy pastable.

Author: addressed in [9911a6b](https://github.com/logan-markewich/llama-hub/pull/2/commits/9911a6ba9c8b1a261a07a2e3a86cd30aa00d259e)
